Updating Runtime log for CK Tile Engine (#2431)
ROCm/composable_kernel: tile_engine/ops/gemm/README.md

# Kernel Configurations

> User can provide kernel configuration such as tile size, warp size, padding, pipeline, scheduler and epilogue in the config file with custom configurations which will reduce the build time as it builds for few configurations. For reference please see `./configs/user_provided_config.json`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can specify custom kernel configurations such as tile size, warp size, padding, pipeline, scheduler, and epilogue in the config file. This allows building only for selected configurations, significantly reducing build time.
For reference please see `./configs/user_provided_config.json`.
```
